Well, as I have previously stated there, the situation does not become oppressive to the
end until subsequent November 10, which was the occasion that China arrived before 6.
And one month after that, on December 9, I this 67th on the cracky about it, and then another
14-80s later on January 20, as the result of the culminated on the World of Borders matters.
My feeling was related to the colon's feeling of China.
I talked to members of the subcommittee, those who were then armed at the beginning.
I think at that time, the Democratic members were not participating.
The members individually, rather than some official meetings.
That is correct, so I talked to members.
I had already talked a month earlier to Senator McCarthy, and a representative of mine talked to the other members.
Notwithstanding the hearings being conducted by either the subcommittee or the activities of the Department of the Army,
concerning the purchase of security risks at Fort Monlo, I did not occur to you that it might be a sensation
in trying to maintain your own reasons to have a thorough understanding of the subcommittee concerning the status of David China,
to what extent the subcommittee was interested in his welfare and the Army.
Well, I can't say that that occurred to me.
No, sir, I felt that the method we were using was the best method to use.
It may not have been.
You know, it's where he thought it might not be advisable to go over the head of Roy Cohn.
I think he testified that you did that on one occasion.
Well, I did that.
I did go to Senator McCarthy, and then later I did go to members of the...
Some of the Republican members of the subcommittee and subsequent to my visit with them, it's my understanding
that those members met together to discuss this very problem on about the 27th of June.
Do you think you might have avoided some of this unfriendliness and this friction if you have been furthered with members of the subcommittee concerning the subcommittee?
Well, sir, it seems to me that the I did confer with you.
Thank you.
You exhausted all reasonable needs.
So I have to pay the views of the members of the subcommittee concerning David China.
I brought the matter to the attention of the chair.
One month after he came, he pressed his knee and then another five weeks later, five or six weeks later,
I brought the matter or the matter was brought to the attention of the other members of the committee
who were participating on the committee at the moment.
So you do think it's you who discharged your duties and the patients matters.
I think it's hard not to invite you.
You do think it's hard not to judge your duties as it is on a representative of the secretary of the Army
in trying to maintain for the relations with the subcommittee.
Well, matters of this or this, which deteriorates as this matter did.
I always thought this second yesterday and looking back now,
he can speculate as to whether other methods might have been better.
That seemed to the people with whom I was associated and with whom I consulted today's assessment by which to attempt to bring this matter to the attention of the committee.
It may not have been done specifically or not.
Well, it was saying to me what I have observed during the past two weeks,
that you were not quite as effective as you should have been in trying to protect the members of the subcommittee.
If you consider this highly desirable, if you have this friendly relationship,
certainly you should have submitted this entire matter,
and it seems to me to be full subcommittee,
so that if there were any misunderstanding, you might have eliminated it.
Well, Senator, I might state that during the fall,
Congress was not in session.
The members were not in town.
The matter during the last eight or nine weeks of the calendar years
was a matter of which probably couldn't have been brought to the attention of the subcommittee.
I believe that, as Congress recently, the matter was brought to the attention of both members of the subcommittee.
Now, Mr. Adams, that was very disturbed by the apparent indecisive actions,
by the department of the Army of the Secretary.
The students in trying to follow through on the inspectors for its court,
the conditions of the court model probably have been questioned so they've been asked to Secretary Stevens.
I do prepare to tell us why there has been no decisive action in following through
the report, Mama, to expose the proper action concerning the persons and security risks which may be found there.
I haven't had the question again, sir, because I talked to you about the court's decision.
I was thinking in terms of the court decision, I suddenly realized that I was going to have a bad day.
I'm out.
Mr. Adams, I was very disturbed by the apparent indecisive action,
by the department of the Army of the Secretary of State,
and trying to follow through on the inspectors' report, the conditions of the court model.
Probably, this question should have been asked to Secretary Stevens,
but are you prepared to tell us why there has been no decisive action in following through the report, Mama, to expose
and strike the proper action concerning the persons and security risks which may be found there.
I don't even know if the person has done it.
Do you mean action prior to the first action?
No, actually at any time.
It has been justified that the inspector made an investigation.
The report has been available to the department of the Army and yet there has been no action, or has there been any action?
Well, I'm a little confused there because the living internment has begun to be available to the Department of Inspectorate and Dept.
If you were asking what action has the Army taken and was it taking during the latter half of last year,
there was a report from Mama.
I'll answer that question.
Is that what you're trying to find out?
Why would specifically refer to the investigation that has made this I understand?
It's by the inspector representing the Department of the Army and the security risks that have been taken on that report.
Well, sir, I don't mean to be that.
I'm not trying to evade this question, but I don't know what you mean by evade and the inspector's report has course modestly.
I can assure a woman is my associate.
Mr. Adams does not confirm Mr. Hatton who is his associate in the Department of the Army.
But sir, there was a...
There was...
I wonder if you're asking here and you're talking about the inspector general's report
of the matter having to do with the major threat at Camp Kilmer.
There is such an inspector's report.
There was no inspector's report at Fort Mama, the left-street Mama.
Do you have the Army followed up at Fort Mama after the activities of this committee?
Yes, sir.
The Army, as I think the Secretary of State has been required by the promulgation of the President Eisenhower's new
Secretary of Order in April of 1953, to read down on all loyal and security cases
which might have been favorably decided on the basis of the new criteria which the President's
executive order promised.
Will you have your statement or any effect from action yet?
Yes, sir.
Directly.
Then this chairman asked me to share this question to the director's, the President's executive order.
He made one principle different between what was to be done in the future.
What has been done in the past and that's why there is a determination that
doubtful cases were to be resolved in favor of the government rather than in favor of the individual.
Where the cases were, where the matter was presented.
And that's why there is a re-examination of many cases.
Those re-examination have to be done not only at Fort Mama,
but in our hundreds of other installations all over the world.
And they were going forward.
And I continue to go forward every day and every week.
I think new cases are taken from the files and re-examination.
They were not under the re-examination criteria further set to be taken.
The salary of the primary charge against the army would seem to be blackmail.
Activate in that the army stated what this charge is against the staff of St.
Mama Carthie.
St. Mama Carthie did not fall off its investigation of the army.
Now according to the bill of particular, most of these threats were made to the various principles.
That is, a threat by Adams and Cohn and Carthie.
But there is one time when this threat to the subcommittee is alleged to have been made to this interested person.
And that is charge number 36.
But I would ask you to follow me with.
This charge states, quote,
the following days, Mr. Adams communicated with other members of the subcommittee.
And stated that unless the chairman was prevailed upon, the drop is investigation.
And not to issue subpoenas for those in the loyalty set-up.
Mr. Adams would cause an embarrassing report to be circulated about Mr. Cohn.
My question to you, sir, is that true?
My answer to you, sir, is that as false, the people through whom I talk,
sir, I gentlemen, for sit on that committee.
I have no remembrance of making such a statement.
My judges and that respect will have to be the gentlemen through whom I talk.
Three of them, Mr. Cohn.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this would seem to go to the very part of the matter.
Therefore, I think the members of the subcommittee, who were contacted,
either by Mr. Adams or his deputy, should say now, or at earliest opportunities,
whether or not the Army present to issue this report,
unless the members of the subcommittee could prevail on certain McCarthy
to call off his investigation of the Army.
As Adams I'd like to ask you, you mentioned that sometime before January 21st,
you talked with the Deputy Attorney General about the question of the loyalty
of the board members answering subvenes.
To do it that time, discuss the case of Mr. Cohn.
On that occasion, I did.
You say you talked to the Deputy Attorney General of the suggestion of Mr. Hensel.
Did you discuss Mr. Cohn at that time with Mr. Hensel?
I do not, sir.
You did not.
You say you discussed this matter with Mr. Hensel a month prior to this,
which would have been in December.
I discuss the matter with the lawyer before it.
Uh, proper.
With Mr. Hensel.
Did you discuss Mr. Cohn?
No, sir.
Did you discuss, correct?
Right.
One of the points of these questions is, if you feel the loyalty of the board's situation,
would be better or worse from the standpoint of the Army,
based on what you did with Mr. Cohn?
Well, by that time, sir, on January 20th, I think the dialogue was cast,
and we had already done.
We did a question a little more directly.
Why not?
So, may I have a question after that, sir?
Sir, one of the points of these questions is, if you feel the loyalty of the board's situation,
would be better or worse from the standpoint of the Army,
based on what you did with Mr. Cohn?
I'm talking about the time you discussed this with Mr. Hensel.
Well, huh.
That is in December.
Well, it would be either in December or it would be in January.
The loyalty of the board matters.
In December, it was not A.A.
It was not an immediate issue in the Paradai knew.
It was below the surface, and I don't think I had a feeling at that time
that shine or shine's treatment would affect what happened with records of loyalty of the board matters.
But I didn't have a feeling then.
That everything had first to say, committee desires,
and Mr. Cohn's request to check if the shine would raise out in difficulty for the Army.
So, your testimony is that, both in December and January,
you discussed the loyalty of the board's situation, that army problem.
But, Mr. Hensel, but you did not discuss the question of Mr. Cohn.
Is that correct?
Yes.
Why didn't you discuss it with Mr. Cohn?
What?
Why didn't you discuss Mr. Cohn with Mr. Hensel?
Well, it was an army problem.
I was talking only about the loyalty of the board matter and the fact that it was that it was something that was continuously before us.
It was below the surface that we might have to make a decision on it someday.
And I was trying to clarify to the defense department's position.
I wanted to be sure that the White Resolution of the Army is supposed to be the same as the Navy and the Air Force.
I wanted to be sure that it was the same as the officer of the Secretary of Defense who takes Mr. Hensel with the officials
who would make the decision in the office of Secretary of Defense.
And it was the sole matter that I was discussing. It was a legal matter.
Why was I back to the lodge at the meeting?
I don't know.
Do I need to worry about it for the first?
I don't know, sir. I didn't arrange for the President.
But, are there anything that you discussed that had to do with the United Nations?
Anything that we discussed?
Yeah.
With the United Nations?
Yes.
I don't think the United Nations was just no sir.
What do you think he was there for? Mr. Chairman?
You have point of order, sir.
I have a point of order.
This was a high level discussion of the executive department.
And this was that had been instructed not to testify as to the interchange of views from the people at that high level at that meeting.
That meeting, if we're going to get the information about low level discussion, but not about high level discussion,
you can only have to share what I have been informed of the committee, which is some of the people that were at that meeting they can deal with.
If I'm only passing from the committee.
The council is there any particular reason that you object to Mr. Adams stating why Mr. Lodge is there?
If he knows that what Mr. Lodge says, I do not object to his stating why Mr. Lodge is there?
If he knows, I think his answers are already for the definition he doesn't know.
Well, he's not going to ask him what Mr. Lodge says.
That is the point of my objection.
You don't like that.
If you question this time, what I like is the question what the list of his views is,
in respect to that meeting.
Now, Mr. Counsel, as I remember the testimony, Mr. Adams volunteered to misalign from there.
But that's for when addressing it for his position as concerned, and we got to write to know what Mr. Lodge said.
I would think if once Mr. Adams volunteered to misalign from there, then we have a right to know why Mr. Adams was there and what he said when he was there.
I can only say that the instructions from the executive department are to the effects that the witness should not answer this fine instructions and what to place with that interview.
What do you mean by executive department who's instruction dollars?
They came in.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Scott, you can have to come off my time.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Scott.
Mr. Chairman, as you have mentioned, as you know I was ill yesterday.
Not very ill, but ill enough to be in my room.
I'm beginning to regret it, but you weren't today, then I did yesterday.
I'm sorry, it's signing from that interview.
I say I'm beginning to regret your illness even more today than I did yesterday, and that was plenty.
The instructions came as I understand it yesterday through the departments of the families, or at least were delivered to the witness by somebody in the department of the family.
Oh, I do not know, sir.
I have one question.
Anything more like that or the discussion from the deputy secretary of the family?
Who is that?
Mr. Roberts, the end.
Do you find out, for the hearing to say it, the new department, Mr. Roberts, the end is in the second of the funding stuff, tell you what you could, do you not testify?
Who lies this committee?
It's my understanding, sir, that he was transmitting instruction from where?
I don't know, sir, but I understand.
The disavarcing view is not a bad thing, sir.
Do you think it's embarrassing to anybody else?
I don't know, sir.
Do you find out where the end is?
The instructions came from?
It's a very serious issue, sir.
Sir, my wife and his aunt will have to call you up for the border.
I'm not sure that the rough reason why I brought her here is because I think you've wondered what it is to help.
The information is a serious issue.
The name of Ambassador-Line has gone into this controversy and this discussion by Mr. Adams, not by any of the members of its committee.
That is correct, sir.
That being correct, it seems to me that it's not a resigning unit, it's quite an important project for two resigns of question.
So long as Mr. Adams doesn't have to bring in the NATO together a lot.
And this, with the design of the NATO, is the share with you, otherwise, it seems to be a question.
I'll approach this for long as Mr. Adams says, a lot, you know, it's a certain term on the line.
I quite recognize that you were not here yet to be.
And now, Mr. Adams has agreed to find out for you Senator Samington the answer to the question that you asked.
You have find a way to express further point of order that I may find out first of all when we are satisfied now Mr. Wilson, that one of us.
I don't have any particular question, sir.
The question is that the share has decided that Senator Samington has the right to act.
Mr. Adams, about Mr. Laws, or anybody else, that Mr. Adams has been into this country of routine voluntary.
Well, I think that's correct.
I know quite a bit Mr. Joe.
Senator Samington may ask quite a few, I'm informing the share that the witness has been instructed not to be held further with that conference in respect to what he has said.
I'm not sure if he's on the telephone, he'll definitely be.
Well, the care for it can also go a little bit over the top.
So, this is a very hard one.
I might have had a great test if I could ask you.
You have a point of what it's been to check.
So, Joe, I make this further point of order that the witness weighs in the right to claim immunity from discussing what one of us has been offered when the matter was brought up by him yesterday.
I have no objection with interpol on his side against relating to that conversation.
I think that maybe this testimony may be embarrassing for the administration.
I don't think that because it's embarrassing for the administration and favorable to Senator McCartney that it ought to be deleted.
I think we should get all the facts out on the table.
I think we should know because there may be some information that went on within the defense department and between the defense department and the White House that is now embarrassed.
I think this issue has to be settled immediately if we're going to get all the facts out on the table.
Now, the share of the argument has testified since the chairman here before.
The conversation will be until the sudden effect of the statement pointed toward the first before the argument.
Here's what I'm making the point of order.
The share has already ruled that the point of order that you have made is the question to turn your time into an asset appropriate.
The chair has had enough worth any witness to question testify if he does.
He will not or cannot as to consult with somebody first.
I just had in the table as a result of the lunch hour.
I think it goes to the full question here on out because the Army has permitted testimony that went on within the defense department and was in the executive branch here before.
And it may have been favorable to them.
Are we for year on out not going to permit testimony relating to conversations that took place within the executive branch because it may not be favorable?
So there is a chair, but the chair says that he was just as surprised as anybody in this committee to find that the American ambassador, this is the United Nations, has been running into a discussion about what to do about private time.
The question has been the testimony of Mr. Adams and the owner of the deal that he's ever asked you questions, but I feel that Mr. Adams does have the right to find that one in the discussion's dark.
So then I make the further point that we have had to find a committee on the piece by if there is an executive order issued in the instructions of an issue.
I think this committee should find out now whether it covers just this conversation or whether it covers all conversations that went on between the various officials within the executive branch of the government because we're going to be forequalled here immediately from asking any further questions relating to conversation between officials within the executive branch.
Here to four, most conversations have been coming in. There's been favorable amount of their unfavorable order to be excluded.
And the chair says that if you're back in the dining committee, you can send some of these questions to the party and you have to leave the room with them.
The point of order has gotten a little dizzy now. I like to tell me what I can do to interrogate the witnesses.
You'll be advised that Mr. Carer has the service action that he has to do on the point of order because he does not have any information in the process.
Mr. Carer has said that he thinks if the evidence is made appropriate, we request that he never opportunity to do the month's charge of final just by the assumptions are and whether they came from it and he will reply back to you questions when he has given the meeting.
Mr. Chairman, that I had one other remark. I hope the chair believes now that if we're not going to go back into the policy of having prolonged discussions on the party council, we just make you remarks after you have finished your point of order.
I think the point of order should be very short, Mr. Dex has indicated that the testimony of a person who would be unfavorable beyond his death by counter-utilizing my mind.
I think the chair will be questioned to be gay and not with fowards anybody, only to try to get the truth before the committee.
Now, Mr. Adams, you stand at the suggestion of Governor Sherman Adams. You made up this report with respect to Mr. Shines.
Is that correct? What's there? What was the position of Mr. Lyd with respect to that report? Did he approve it or did he disapprove it?
No, it was very casual conversation. I think it disproved within the pain inhibitions that I had with Mr. Welk.
In other words, you feel that he was just there for the ride or did he say anything to him? So what did he say?
I'm not there. I'm not there. I'm not there. I'd like to say that I believe that if the indian structure is on hand, I would like your permission to defer answering matters.
Having to do with that until the subsequent to the lunch hour.
All right, well, sir. Will you tell the committee what the position was just being that was taken by the Attorney General, Mr. Brown L?
Sir, I think the same position. I'm not there to use the same way. It's my instructions and compass. The entire camera is immediately dialed.
Now, Mr. Adams, I've had a little experience with the executive side. You face something about some horrible, armed or subjective order of the unity of what you bring up and writing to them.
Oh, he's right there.
That's okay.
You mean something in writing with the director?
Sure, I can. I can. I can. I can.
That's right. Yes, sir.
When you bring in writing instructions, signed by somebody, my brother, to why you are unable to tell us what the people said at the meeting, you being the person who told us they were at the meeting volunteer?
Yes, sir. I will.
Now, Mr. Mr. Adams, the general position of the morning will also include Mr. Carol Morgan.
He was at that same meeting.
Did he come down also and talk to members of the subcommittee?
He came with me and talked to one member.
And yet, he was unallowed to say what he said to a member of the subcommittee?
Oh, no. I had.
He's just not doing a clue as much as he said to the members.
The justice, what he said, is misleading to you.
That is instruction and truth, conversation between members of the executive branch.
What were the recommendations or instructions that were given you at the end of the meeting?
I think it's the same as the media.
I'm not giving it to an officer and so something went wrong.
But Mr. Morgan, no, it's no, though, as you said it, it was the justice.
Right. Right.
I am sorry. I am a year old. I am permitted to be state matters that I've already heard.
He believes that if the witness is going to select Mr. Six with all of these,
especially if he thinks they're not clear, the different of them,
he cannot say that he's just until they're very in conflict with his position.
There are no such decisions at all.
He's just a decision that's entirely.
The legislature might start to take a stand in the process.
I'm not going to decide it is finding it in my instructions and provisions.
To this, does what I have already?
And will that be the part of that is concerned I can't answer to time and let them decide it is quickly?
I'd like to make a personal judgment.
I view that it's not just the use of my executive committee,
I'm sure these some members of the executive committee have held the executive branch
that they think it's right to be allowed to tell the truth to his meetings.
That thing that you've already brought up gets the life of an environment and in the German.
I'm sorry about that. I don't have it.
Please, that's why I view it in a rough way.
You want to argue with the panciful people who they do so.
That's why I'm just going to be in the same respect.
I'll be glad to explain it to you.
Time to time out for the government.
Thank you.
Time to get for the meeting.
The fire is a part of the system.
No.
I want to say, to the time and up, it's up to start a deterrent.
If any member wants to argue with the panciful, that's appropriate.
The undercover will tell you now you're going to drift the out of the room when you're time is late.
Well, this chairman I'm going to ask the chairman to do questions.
And then I declare this committee to have Mr. Adam Samson's time.
I'd like to have the chairman to swear me and I'd like to tell what I know about him.
But first I want to ask Mr. Adam, please.
As I get it from your testimony,
are you stated as a shawaiimatic aim of pressive sometime in early November?
I think that is correct.
And it continues through November and December all in the January.
Yes.
You did not call on any members of this subcommittee until the 19th of January.
The 19th of the 20th.
The 19th is the day that you call on Thomas and MacArthur.
Call it your direct testimony.
I may be off today or show that that isn't fitted in that week.
What time of the day will this be called on Thomas and MacArthur?
About taking classifieds that you need.
There has been a meeting of the subcommittee and staff that day.
Same day.
I don't remember.
Sir, is there a meeting of them?
Well, I have before me a very transparent list of the executive sessions on January 19, 1954.
And I assume that that meeting took place even in the morning or in the afternoon.
Do you recall when you appeared before Thomas MacArthur and the staff with respect to the subpoenas?
Or that they intended to issue more certain members of the law to the board?
Let me get my things ready.
I don't want to get this in on the table.